---
layout: post
title: "Apparently I want to post weekly"
date: 2025-03-10 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "This ones a bit of a doozy"
---
Looking over the postings I have made so far and my desire to continue posting it appears that I will have been posting weekly instead of bi-weekly. I don’t know if this trend will continue but at the moment it feels nice to take some time and write down my thoughts feelings and other things for a while during the day. Granted I am writing this at 10:48AM on a Monday so it’s not like I have done much to warrant a “break” yet. Well that’s the ting, the only person who can decide if I need a mental break is me. Considering the work I completed last week and the work I have already done this morning I don’t feel to bad about taking time to write instead of work.

I had my first session towards getting an ADHD diagnosis. The therapist I spoke to also wants to screen me for anxiety and depression. I know I have depression, anxiety is new but valid, and it could turn out that I don’t have ADHD at all, and it’s just a mix of those. I haven’t been able to schedule my screenings yet as I don’t know my schedule from my second job at the moment, but I should figure that out soon and be able to make that appointment.

I read the headline/caption for another journal idea I have,“Free up your money and your time and use them to build a life that creates more of what you think the world needs.” Which is a really nice sentiment, but I then went on a tangent of how I can free up more of my money. This always circles back to one thing, lower house payment. Based on some quick maths I could realistically sell my current house for about \$800,000 based on the sale price of neighboring houses this would allow me to net, before taxes, fees, concessions, and after paying off the current loan about \$300,000. This would be a great amount of money to buy/put down on another home in the area. The issue is that with the issues I am having with credit and the lack of income I don’t know if I would be able to be approved for a loan of about \$300,000 for a new home. The issue with all of this is that it is all speculation and if I start down this path I don’t know if I will be willing to complete it or if things will go anywhere near the speculations I have. Also who’s to say that selling my current home and buying another will even “free up your money” like the original train of thought is. I might sell the house, get 300,000 in cash and get a new house with the same mortgage payment. All I did there was sell a house that I love and get a different one that is probably older and will need more work sooner, I say probably older since my house it only 2 years old.

So how can I free up money? Well the other option is to look at “extra” expenses. What is considered an extra expense? Things like going out to eat, buying coffee out, buying video games and other frivolous items/entertainment I.e. streaming services, new items that are replacing things that are not broken or used often, there are probably other things that could be considered frivolous but those are the only things that are coming to mind at the moment. The necessities are things like, car, gas(house and car), insurance, water, food, mortgage, internet, phone, trash bill, HOA payment, technically credit card payments are a bill that needs to be paid but that isn’t working so well for me at the moment. Based on the frivolous things I have like, Disney+, Hulu, ESPN+, Crunchy roll, going out to eat twice a month on average, buying energy drinks at work, my IDE subscription? That one is a tossup its not “necessary” but it helps me be productive at work. Apple storage for my family plan, playstation plus, xbox game pass, ADT monitoring? Again toss up, not needed as we live in a safe area but still nice to have. I apparently have a TPlink service that is about \$60 a charge, not sure what this is for but probably internet security and threat protection. So as long as it’s not $60 a month im fine with it. Honestly I think that’s about it.

So looking at the spending I do Disney, Hulu and ESPN are all bundled with my phone plan and only cost \$10 a month for all of them. Crunchy roll is ~\$13 after tax/month, my IDE is \$173 a year so ~\$14 a month, apple is ~\$3 a month, TPLink is \$5 a month. Then going out to eat is probably about \$150 a month, and I think that’s being generous. Playstation plus is \$170 a year so ~\$14 a month, and Xbox is ~\$22 a month. So all in all I spend  roughly \$228 a month on frivolous things. In perspective of my take home wage of ~\$23/per hour I am spending ~10hrs of my work time a month on these subscriptions and frivolous spending. If I can’t live with that little frivolous spending then there is something wrong.

So I think the easiest thing to do is to completely stop eating out. The \$150 is a wild guess since we don’t “go out” to eat we get fast-food and that’s like twice a month, or my partner and I will order out Chinese or chipotle if the kids aren’t home, and we don’t feel like cooking, so \$150 is probably right so cutting back on that could help. Sometimes you just don’t care enough to make dinner though to getting fast-food is just easy, which is nice. Like taking out the \$150 a month to not eat out take me down to \$78 a month. So let say I do that and save \$150 a month on not buying food outside the house. What am I going to do with that \$150 to “use them to build a life that creates more of what you think the world needs” I could donate it, but that feels like a waste of money when it could go to paying credit card bills, or I could pay more on my mortgage to pay it off sooner. The other thing is what do I want to see more of in the world. I would like to see a holistic level of less suffering. Not just less people dying of starvation and diseases but like even people living in modern and western societies living easier and with less burden. Less debt, more people being able to afford to live without working two or more jobs, or having to struggle between groceries and meds. Or people being able to enjoy things in their lives like going out to eat, or to the movies, or buying frivolous things without it breaking their bank or without them having to scrimp and save in every way to just attempt to go out once in a while. I just want life to be easier for all people.

Keep in mind this is only half of the equation, the other is time. “Free up your money and your time and use them to build a life that creates more of what you think the world needs.” How am I going to free up time. I'm currently working on my bachelors degree, and working 2 jobs. I don’t have time to free up. Ok I can quit playing video games, but I use that time to rest and recoup, if I quit video games I could save ~\$160 a year to cancel my PSN+ subscription. Giving me about ~\$164 a month to spend. What would I do for my fun then? Would I substitute the video game time for volunteering? Fundraising? Activism? All good causes and could help push me towards creating more of what I want to see in the world. If I do that now im working 2 jobs, going to school, and using what little free time I have to give it to other people, I would get so burnt out in no time. How would I rest, relax and recoup? There would be no time for any of that, which is something I feel I need. It may sound like I am trying to justify not changing my life, and I probably am, but ask anyone in modern society “Would you give up your existing time to participate in your current hobby/free time activity for ~\$165 a month and in place of that free time hobby/activity you now have to volunteer at this organization, while working 2 jobs at 60hrs a week, going to school, and attempting to maintain social relationships. Almost anyone would say it’s not worth it.

The largest reason in my mind is rest and recovering. There’s no time for that. Ok, sleeping but everyone does that everyday and millions of people still feel so tired that there is a whole multi-billion market there for keeping people awake when they need it. So replacing the time in my life meant to relax and recover with more going and doing sounds like a terrible idea.

So im no farther down this thought process than I was when I started, I have like \$15 a month and like 5 hours a week to use to make more of what I want to see in the world. If I just want to make my life easier and more enjoyable then im going to do the things that bring me joy and are easier, like playing video games and going out to eat every so often. Let’s see where I am in a year shall we. In a year I will be making more money, I will be done with school, and maybe I won’t be working 2 jobs. Although I feel like im going to be working 2 jobs for a while, more than a year, based on the raise structure planned. So in a year we will see if I have any more time or money to devote to creating more of what I want to see in the world. This was a long on with many interruptions and stopping. Maybe more will be longer, maybe not. 
