---
layout: post
title: "Why I created a blog."
date: 2025-02-11 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "In the beninging."
---
I have been doing some reading of various blogs. Raptitude.com has been a recent focal point. There is a wide variety of content on the site and the man behind it David <LastName> is quite the interesting person. Through reading his endeavors to come to the conclusion that he has ADHD and the solutions he implemented to deal with that hinderance have lead me to assume that I also have ADHD and I am now documenting that journey among other things here.   This blog is a place for me to write things down. Random thoughts, ideas, reflections, and fever dreams are all welcome.

I am not sure of the structure, depth, or breadth of the content I will pump into the void that is the internet but I am doing this to help myself, although help isn’t the right word. I am doing this to indulge myself? Maybe just to put to “writing” the workings of my brain. More like a journal, mostly unedited and un filtered. Taking the time to consider what to write next and typing it all out is really forcing em to be aware of what is going through my head, and forcing me to focus on one thing at a time, well one train of thought without being pulled in a different direction. Again the ADHD thing. So anyways, Im not a writer nor am I am particularly well spoken individual but I believe I will enjoy this endeavor, I feel that I may gain something from it or its novelty is something that has peeked my interest so I feel compelled to continue for the time being, we will see how long that lasts.

Circling back to the main point of the first entry of the blog. I would like to post things about web development and computer science, as that is my career path. I would also like to post things about science, space, and the mysteries of physics, as they peek my interest. I would also like to post opinions that facilitate discussion or spark different view points to come together. 
