---
layout: post
title: "Eating is strange"
date: 2025-04-11 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "And so is food waste. "
---

Just the act of eating. I know the importance of eating, like not starving. It’s just if you take time to think about the actions, events and other things that come with and from eating it is such a wired process. Like you pick up thing thing, usually sort of soft, sometimes actually hard. You put it in the hole in your body designed for turning things into a paste. Then use bones protruding from the edged of this hole to grind larger pieces of this thing into smaller and smaller pieces. 
Sometimes into a paste sometimes into a chunky slurry then you proceed to put that paste/slurry in your body.

It’s so strange how such a complex process happens without much thought. Even at a young age you know to put things in your mouth and see if they taste good/don’t hurt you. The benefit/detriment of modern society is that food and all the things we consider to be in that category are everywhere. I understand that there is food insecurity and food scarcity in the world but that is the fault of capitalism and not something that I am going to go into at the moment. Taking a standard upper lower class, lower middle class person/family. 
By this definition I mean a person or family that has a place to call home, is not at risk of loosing said dwelling, is paying most or all of their bills and is able bodied and working. The amount of food that is assessable to this person/family is staggering. There is the fridge which always has something in it. Then usually a pantry or set of cupboards that also have some sort of food in there. Im calling anything that is classified as food, food. Things. Like raw past, canned goods, flour, sugar, jars of sauce.
Spices are yes food but not in the regards of making a mildly sustainable meal out of them. You can just add spices to a bowl with water boil it and eat it. I mean you can but that’s not a “meal” in my mind. Flour on the other hand with water and then heated it flat bread, a meal. Add some seasoning to that and you’re good.

Back to the thought at hand, outside the “home” there is, almost without fail a place to buy food within 5 miles. Be that a fast-food place, grocery store, gas station, or even a food truck/stall. There is the ability to get something resembling food. The point of this rant is mainly that the act of eating is strange, and the other point is that food scarcity should not exist.
I say should simply because of the total amount of food waste that is thrown out due to the expiration date passing is astonishing. Go ahead, take a wild guess as how much total “food waste” is just thrown out each month in just America alone. About 5.5 million TONS of food. To put that into maybe something you would understand ONE single ton is about a 2.5 foot tall by 2.5 foot wide solid cube of concrete is ~1 TON. 
There are 5.5 MILLION of those being thrown in the trash EVERY MONTH in America. Now food is usually lighter than concrete so the volume of food is a lot larger than what you’re thinking. But 5.5 million cubes of concrete could stack 13.75 million feet tall. That’s 2,064 miles. That is almost the entire length of the United States. Every MONTH. All that food could feed, if each person ate 4 pounds of food, 2.75 BILLION people. 
The entire population of the US is only ~340 MILLION. We could almost feed the entire population of the US 8 times with all the food thrown away each month. That is every person in the country getting a days worth of food, 4 pounds is the average weight of food a person eats PER DAY, for 8 days that’s just in food waste. Not even thinking of the food people already eat. I would even bet that the estimate of 5.5 million TONS of food waste each month is way below what it actually is. 
Just think, in your town, city rural area, how many grocery stores, restaurants, fast food places, gas stations are there? Each of those sells food, each of those “has” to throw away food at the end of the day because its “not good any more” those organizations could simply hold hours for people to get free or reduced cost food and hunger in your are is solved. Subsidize it from government budget restructuring, I.E. cutting military and police funding. 
You just solved hunger in America. But alas what do I know, im just some middle class guy sitting at his desk typing away eating his lunch. 
