---
layout: post
title: "5 Year Plan"
date: 2025-03-04 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "A goal is set."
---

The new topic! I don’t know why this popped into my head but it did, probably because I was thinking what do I want to do with my life, what do I want to do for work? For fun? For who knows what else.

So I will attempt to write down my thoughts on what I want my life to be like in 5 years and see about moving in that direction. Maybe figure out what I want to do for work, well at least what I would like to do for money to live.

In 5 years I will be, fuck, 39 years old. Just turned about a month and a half ago.

I would like to be in the house I currently have. It’s a nice, a bit expensive house, I will have 3 kids, 2 currently and one planned, so the planned one will be here and probably be about to turn 5. It will be 2030 which is pretty cool. Just as like year numbers go 2030 sounds like some futuristic year of progress and innovation. I know life won’t be much different than what it is now, well I would assume but I could be very wrong. With quantum chips out, and the rise of AI, plus everything that’s going on politically at the moment things could be wildly different in 5 years. I am assuming they won’t be, I will still be working in software development, maybe for the same company, maybe another. I will still be using Apple products, side note this is a nice way too hold myself accountable and to see where I was mentally at a past point in my life, I will be driving a car, I will be married, I will still have a mortgage, and bills. The real things I want to figure out are where do I want to be in 5 years. Based on the rant so far I don’t want anything, I will just be accepting the conditions I have set up in my life currently to have come to some sort of fruition or have begun to bare fruit. My oldest will be in high school and my middle child will be in middle school. They will be hopefully content if not happy with their lives and able to pursue the things they want in some semblance of life and direction. Honestly the only thing I would really want to be doing in 5 years is working one job (currently working two) and making enough money to financially support my family(not including my parents who live in my house) with out worry stress or really needing my then wife to be working. Maybe my partner would have chosen to quit work and finish her degree and be working in the filed of her degree, maybe she decided to quit work and is able to take care of the house and youngest while not having to worry about taking an income until the child is of schooling age. Maybe she is working and were able to save all of her income for our emergency fund, college, vacations, and our retirement. Honestly that is where I hope to be, making enough money to support my family. Enough to pay all the bills and buy food without additional income. So things like gifts and “frivolous” things will be out of my budget but gas, water, internet, electricity, mortgage, insurances, car payment, phone bill, basic necessities, and credit cards will all be covered with my income alone.

Coming back to this, im not sure when I was last working on this, but I would like to continue this thought process.  After rereading my thoughts from above I realize that all I want to do is be able to be content in my life. I don’t care where im working or if im working as long as I am able to support my family then I will be good. I would like to only be working one job, but if I need to work two then so be it. Hopefully that will only be for a little bit though. I know the field of computer science and software engineering is a rough field to be in at the moment and with the rise in AI and “no code” platforms doing tedious and boring things with software will become easier by the day. Being able to solve or work on complex problems does sound fun but I am not sure how much of that I will be doing at my current job.

So the long and sort of it is that in 5 years I want to be making enough to support my family on my income alone, at least the basics. I do not feel like this is an unreasonable ask, and based on the raise structure I believe I will be following at my current job I should be at a pretty good position financially in 5 years even staying at the company I am at to accomplish this goal. I could always lower my hours to offset any raise I get from my main job to then still keep me at the same earning point until I can make enough at my main job to quit my second completely. That’s not a bad idea. So when I get a raise I just need to calculate how much I will need to work my second job to maintain the current level of income so I am still making the same amount of money but my overall work load goes down. That sounds like a fun problem to solve.

So there is my goal and my plan. Goal is to make enough to support my family with the basic needs and also to slowly stop working at my second job to keep the income but reduce the work load, and eventually quit my second job. 
