---
layout: post
title: "Space thoughts, that divulge..."
date: 2025-04-02 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "Trying to find things that i want to write about."
---

I am attempting to write my first blog about something that I am interested in.
I do enjoy space, the vastness, the emptiness, the strange similarities it has with things on the microscopic level. 
I am not sure where this will go, but I was on a kick about space things earlier and wanted to continue that thought process.
I was talking about Alcubierre drives and Dyson spheres. These are two things that pop into my head when I think of space and the physics behind this stuff. 
An Alcubierre drive is a theoretical concept for faster-than-light travel,
proposed by physicist Miguel Alcubierre, that involves warping spacetime around a spacecraft to create a "warp bubble" allowing it to move through space faster than the speed of light. The “warp bubble” is a bend in the fabric of spacetime in front of the ship and the expansion of that bend behind the ship. 
The Dyson sphere is a hypothetical megastructure, proposed by physicist Freeman 
Dyson, that an advanced civilization could build around a star to harness its 
energy, potentially in the form of a sphere or a swarm of orbiting structures.
This mega structure would be able to harness more of the output of a star and 
allow a civilization to use that energy to produce more technology.


These concepts fascinate me, I don’t know what it is or why but thinking 
about and talking about the different theoretical physics and space related
systems and technology that could conceptually exist if we had the technology,
or things that do exist in math, but we have yet to see or observe.

For instance a white hole is a mathematical theory that fits into the vector
math of a black hole. A white hole is the opposite of a black hole.
It is what is on the other side of the math. A place in spacetime or in another 
universe that is pushing material out and almost impossible to get to the middle
of and view/test. It is an interesting theory in the fact that we have not 
witnessed one nor can we see one in the parts of the universe we have studied. 
I will say writing about this information is not as fun as talking about it. 
With a conversation there is discourse and another persons ideas to listen to
but who I am just typing alone it feels mundane and uninteresting to just spew 
this information. Maybe its just because im tired or that im just over worked
but it hard to stay interested.


A random unrelated thought, how long 
should a blog be? Is there a standard? Is there a time when it gets to long? 
How many topics should it cover. These are all things that I haven’t bothered
to consider at this time cons I am just writing to write. Should these be things
I consider, should I map out my blog like an English paper for school. 
Should I do more research other than a quick google search to verify my
information? There are so many different factors and considerations in 
play that I haven’t thought of before I don’t even know if I really need to.
What would be the benefit of a layout/outline? What would be the benefit of 
structure and organization behind my blog, what would I get from it. 
At the moment it just seems like extra work for no gain other than making 
it easier for people to digest. Im not worried about people reading these,
I don’t even think people will see these any time soon. I have means of
contact on the blog so people can reach out to me to prove me wrong in that 
aspect though. Eh, just more random thoughts.
