---
layout: post
title: "Some Light Reading"
date: 2025-04-22 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "Posted a duplicate so had to edit."
---

Reading old philosophy and/or physics books

Should I read old philosophy and psychology texts like the pondering of Aristotle and Plato? Would that be interesting? I know I liked to read theoretical physics books, should I pick those up? Maybe start actively taking notes and journaling while reading? Would this provide any benefit? Would I enjoy it? Do I want to do it?

I started reading old physics books, this one is called Paradox the nine great enigmas in physics by Jim Al-Khalil. I have only read about 10 pages at the moment but I already find it educational and interesting. The meat of the book is over 9 “paradoxes” in physics. The idea of the book it to prove that these “paradoxes” are in fact not paradoxes at all just assumptions made on false or misleading information that then causes them to be a paradox. The author takes the first chapter to explain what a paradox is and takes the time to explain how some of these paradoxes are not truly paradoxes. This preps the reader for the more indepth look into physics that is to come.

I don’t know why I picked it up over some other books while at the book store, I picked up another book but don’t remember the title at the moment. I am not taking notes about the book but I am reading it, slowly. I will say having to stay engaged with my writing is difficult, how would anyone read this? Why would anyone read this? Honestly im not getting bored of this already, well maybe a little, but I don’t see a purpose in this. Is the purpose to blurt out my thoughts whenever the strike? Is the purpose to help quell the wild, untamed, loose cannon style thinking I have from time to time? I honestly don’t know, watching my train of thought divulge into madness after looking away from my writing for 15 seconds is kind of funny though, maybe not “ha-ha” funny but at least “that’s a strange thing” funny.

Attempting to regain my train of thought after being well and truly distracted for about 10 minuets is basically impossible, even after rereading what I have written. On to a new topic, in another past!
