---
layout: post
title: "Daily, Weekly, Bi-Weekly, Monthly…."
date: 2025-02-13 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "A schedule is set."
---

How often should I update this? I believe daily updates and maintaining enough content for that level up uploads would be impossible for me as I am struggling to writs a third entry for just today, plus I have other ideas that I am working on that I feel would be more interesting than a mandatory daly update. So every day is out, and with is postings more than once a week. Cause that feels the same as posting daily to me.

Once a week isn’t bad but with working two jobs, and going to school I don’t feel that I would be able to keep up with the demands of a weekly update. Mostly because I would forget for the first few weeks and then have to scramble on the last day to write something to keep the schedule. It does allow for less maintenance of the blog and allow for greater time of research (if needed) and the ability to work on multiple things at once but there would still end up being a time where I feel something isn’t quite ready or the thoughts are not all out but I have to post something so I past some unfinished or unreviewed garbage.

Bi-weekly, meaning every other week rather than the less common twice a week, seems to be a good goal. Enough time to get some ideas flowing and started, while also being able to work on something for a few days and not have to switch gears to complete something to make the post. Went on a mental tangent of YouTubers and how some of them post every day. The magic of editing takes a single ten hour gaming session and can break it out into ten one hour posts, of twenty half hour videos which is almost a month of content from one day of gaming. Then if you do four ten hour gamins sessions in four days that gives you eighty half hour videos. With mild editing and if you’re able to talk to yourself and play then you only need to do say another twenty hours of editing to create the videos. You now have eighty days worth of content from four days of playing. This only worked out to be sixty to sixty five hours of work in a week, four days of gaming and three days of editing, at ten hours of playing for the four days and seven or eight hours of editing for the three days. If you hire an editor then you free up those three days for more gaming or just relaxing. Initially you would probably not hire an editor as your not main any money off of your first post, usually. There’s still more to say here but I feel the tangent has run its course, I don’t know how to edit nor do I feel that I can talk to myself and be interesting enough to fill at minimum thirty minuets of time by taking, so I don’t do that thing.

Back to the main point, bi-weekly posting sounds like a great plan. Monthly could also work but it feels like to long in-between posts so I might end up forgetting and miss a month or scramble to post again.. Bi-weekly has the sense of frequency  while also having time to relax and recoup.

There is probably more to say here but I am not able to stay focused on anything at the moment. So here’s today’s post and the next one will be in two weeks. 
