---
layout: post
title: "Wrote this before. Did not really proof read it."
date: 2025-03-20 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "Need to maintain the streak"
---

Who or What is steering my life.

A self-examination

I am again reading a blog/short book I was sent after singing up for the Raptitude mailing list. The book is called how to save the world and it is a stance on reflection and purpose in regards to action and thought about being a person living in the world today. In one of the excerpts of the book it states that “The difference between people who grow and people who
stagnate is the habit of self-examination”. Then the book goes on to state how taking life as it comes, a “go with the flow” attitude is not how a person grows or creates happiness. A person must be intentional with their actions and must reflect on what has brought them to this point in their life and see if it is a good point or if something needs to be changed to make it better.

On the whole I do not take a lot of time to self examine, I might take more time than the average person but I don’t take a lot of time. I decided to go back to school during covid while I was out of work and I feel that took some self reflection, hat was 4 or 5 years ago. I committed to being with my partner, after feeling jealous of her telling me she was talking to another guy as we were not serious at that time, again 4 and a bit years ago. We decided to buy a house, that was a little out of our budget 2 and a bit years ago. I finally had to pick up a second job to make ends meet a month and a half ago.

Thinking about all of this makes me wonder did I make these decisions or did I just roll with what life threw at me and “made the best of it”, like im following “ a trail of little cookies, without knowing why you're doing it”. Or were they deliberate choices I made after reflecting on where I was at the time and what could I do to change that?  I will say that choosing to go back to school and complete a degree in my field was a deliberate choice. I might have had influence from my roommate at the time, or by the fact that I could not find another job with the skills and tenure I had in the software development industry. I made the conscious decision to get a degree because I know it would provide me with an edge over the competition in my field as I knew it would only become a more competitive industry, and it has. The fact that I only have 2 classes left and I will be done is a direct representation of me actively stealing myself in a direction in my life.

In regards to choosing to be with my partner I would say it was a 50/50 split of deliberate choice and following the cookies. I am continuing to make the choice to be with my partner and will continue making that choice despite what life my throw at us. If they had been a different person in the circumstance www were in I would still have moved in the direction we moved in. Now im not saying that anyone would have been able to last 4 years like we have, and im not saying anyone would be able to go for life like me and my partner are planning to. That is where the 50% deliberate choosing comes in, I am choosing to be with my partner through the issues, the bad, the though, and the downs. I am making the choice to include my partner in the decisions I will make about my future, which is now our future.

The purchase of our house which is a little beyond our means I feel was more of a 75/25 split. 75% following the cookies, 25% a deliberate choice. I was introduced to the neighborhood we live in now by a friend who was also looking to buy a house. I made more money than she did and she knew I was looking to settle down or that my partner and I were looking to move in together. My friend told me of the neighborhood I now call home and my partner and I looked into it and took the steps needed to make that neighborhood our home. There were probably a lot of signs that we should not do this as money and financing and other factors came into the picture. Selling my car to get downpayment money, borrowing from family to cover more of it as it increased at points. Having another friend sign the loan agreement with us as my partner and I did not make enough money to qualify for the loan with our debt. Looking back we should have backed out and looked for a smaller and cheaper home, but we didn’t. We stuck through it and made it to the finish line and have now lived in that house for over 2 years. We don’t plan on moving and we don’t plan on selling any time soon, but the choice to be in that house was 75% following the cookies of the path we were on  and 25% a deliberate choice to own a home. I am not trying to shirk responsibility of the predicament I am in now to “going with the flow” but I am stating that if I had taken the time to really consider the future and were things can go I might have made a different choice, again I might not have and would still be here. I do remember talking about wanting to quit the process for our current home as it was costing a lot of money of money but we decided that it is an investment in our future, our families future and would benefit us more in the long run that buying a smaller home and wanting to upgrade later. Now having lived in our house for 2 years and seeing how things have panned out in the housing market I know we would not be able to afford to upgrade from whatever our second choice home might have been to the same home we have now. On the flip side we would easily be able to sell out home now, well as long as someone wants to buy it, and use the profits we got from selling the house to finance the purchase of a smaller home but I don’t feel that doing that would be what we want to do, it would be a short term solution to a larger problem. That larger problem brings me to my next point.

Picking up a second job. I would say this is a 95/5 split. 95% me following the cookies, knowing full well that I laid them out a few years ago. 5% me doing what I choose as I still had the power to accept or deny the job. This decision I feel is one I had very little control over as it was more of a make more money or risk loosing things type of solution. The payments on the house that is a little out of our budget caught up after 2 years and I now have to dig myself out of the hole I put myself in to keep the lights on and food on the table. Looking back and knowing this now, would l have taken the smaller house to know I could avoid getting a second job and having to work 60 hours a week sacrificing sleep, rest, relaxation, and some sanity? I honestly don’t know. I would like to think I would choose an easier life down the line with a cheap house, but I also know that I would look even farther down the line and see that we would need a larger house eventually, I would also believe that the second job is temporary and that I would be able to make ends meet with out it before to long and would be able to gain back some of that sanity, rest, and relaxation I lost during that time. I feel like I would still end up here. Which makes me reevaluate the initial choices of buying the house out of our budget and the second job, to more 5/95 5% me falling the natural progression of life and 95% of me making a deliberate choice to be where I am. We are not struggling to hard. Our bills are paid and we have food and all the amenities of modern living just debt is always rearing its ugly head.


Through this writing and a reflection of where I am and how I got here makes me feel like I took more of a deliberate stance on where I am over a passive one. Which is reassuring, as it means I am more of the one steering my life and less of letting life steer me. It also means that I am more in control of where I want my life to go next rather that subject to the whims of whatever force directs humanity. 

