---
layout: post
title: "Understanding the undertaking of writing a blog."
date: 2025-02-12 12:00:00 -0000
categories: blog
excerpt: "So far its still a thing."
---
Do all things need to be written down? Would that be a blog or more of a narrative, what is the difference between a blog and a narrative.   I should sync up these notes apps to make sure I can add to them at any time.

Do I need to take notes on everything? What should I take notes on? Jotting down things all the time already feels overwhelming. Maybe just core ideas, or things I fall down a rabbit hole on? Would my interpretation of different content make for a decent read? Will people even care, do I even care if people care? Eh, no.

So to add to this. I spent the better part of my day figuring out how the GitHub Pages system, and the Jekyll library work to get posts shown on my blog, and getting things lined up to work properly.

The great thing about doing this was AI was a huge help. The down side to this is AI is a huge hinderance. I installed so many packages and tried so many different things. In the end I was able to figure it out with AI, Google, GitHub Docs, and patience. The issue was the I don’t quite understand Jekyll which is what fuels pages. AI understands Jekyll which is how I was able to convert the GitHub Pages repo into created to a localHost running app. I did break the originally working page a lot before I was able to get things updated.   Honestly I feel like this is going no where, I feel like this is the same thing I would do to write an essay or paper in college. Just a lot of words saying the same thing but not really moving the narrative anywhere. I guess this is why I don’t like reading and writing. I feel like there is a point I am trying to get to or that the author is trying to convey but the amount of words needed to specifically write out to get that across feel larger than speaking.

I wonder if this is an ADHD thing or if because I am so used to how quickly I move from thought to thought in my head it makes writing things out seem to take forever.

I guess this all does pertain to writing a blog, the thoughts, the actions, the time.

In other news, hard pivot, I am going to have a talk with a professional about getting diagnosed for ADHD. So that is moving forward, maybe if that bears fruit I will be able to sit down and type for more than 5 minuets with out getting bored and needing to move to something else.

All this to say that I have no idea what I am doing and these ramblings are now on the internet for anyone and everyone to read. 
